You are talking nonsense
Mr. Su, your words are a bit too much
Mr. Jiang first molested my girlfriend
And provoke the relationship between you and your employer
I didn't hold my fart when I saw him
Boy, do you know what will happen if you offend me?
Yes, he is provoking.
That is, he is Chen Shao's girlfriend
I've only seen loneliness once
How is that possible?
Mr. Jiang, I suggest you call the police and arrest him for discussion for ten or eight years
Let him have a long memory
Call the police and arrest him
Okay, it's really a play for three people
It's so wonderful how you guys sing together
You put the equation in this way
Now I want to do it again
Send me in too
So you don't have to worry about me exposing that you are ungrateful and ungrateful in order to cling to the rich and powerful, right?
you
And you, I didn't offend you, did I?
Why do you want me dead?
Did you know that if you do too much evil, you will be punished
Humph
I have been punished, and I am open and magnanimous
What retribution
What a magnanimous
Mr. Jiang, I respect you
I didn't want to embarrass you
But your husband is so deceiving
Today I will show you his true face
And you keep your eyes open and take a good look
What the hell is this woman?
Ah, here.
He did it with him